README.md, before:

# GoDo: Adventure Today
Click a button, get a new fun challenge for the day

Name: Your own adventure / Your Adventure / Adventure Today / TodVenture / GoDo : Adventure Today 
Click a button, get a new fun challenge for the day (visit a museum, try a food, take a different route).
The idea of an app is to make people go out more, find friends, companions, love. 

features:
	- We can add some subtasks for that, for example if the place is a bar, try their cocktail etc.
	- This thing will have social network element, like BeReal
	- The deadline will be 1 day, like till the end of the day
	- For now app will be focused on Georgia, Tbilisi
	- We can use chatgpt to inspect the place generated and check the menu, check what kind of services they offer, when do they work untill etc
	- Will have a co-op mode, with your friends or strangers, for example team of 4 will get the same location, where they will need to meet, chat and they can help each others to complete subtasks
	- No personal details on account, just comments from others that they met (might be a good idea)
	- Max 1 adventure a day, like all those xxdle games.
	- User would be able to choose the type of adventure like hike somewhere, eat somewhere, drink somewhere etc
	- Proofs. Once they complete the adventure they would need to upload a proof, like a picture, geolocation etc. For co-op a proof might be for example some code phrase that only other person knows.
	- Users will have a score of completed and failed adventures
	- There also could be adventures not just for a day, but week or month. For example some things, that u need to prepare for like hike, camping, concert (buy tickets) etc	

monetisation: 
	- Bars, restaurants etc could pay us to be featured 
	- Advertisement 


UX: 
	- On the main page there will be a map, on top of the map there will be a generate adventure dialog. Dialog will have a Solo/Duo(for love)/Company selector for an adventure. There also should be a possibility to choose the type of adventure, like hike somewhere, eat somewhere, drink somewhere etc
	- If the team will be assembled they would need a time to meet, because everyone is busy in their own way we could do a tinder for time. So everyone will get a particular time and they can swipe left/right to accept or decline it. The time will be like 9:00 9:30 10:00 and etc 
	- If the type of adventure is random we could show him a wheel of fortune where there will be all the adventure types and the random one will win.


MPV: 
	For MVP would be good to have an adventure generation without any proofs, social networking etc. So just a map, adventure generation and a timer.

Types of adventures:
	FOOD
	BAR
	CLUB
	PARK
	CAFE
	LIBRARY
	SIGHTSEEING
	MOVIE
	HIKE
	SPORT
	ACTIVITIES (pool, )
	SHOPPING
	MUSSEUM

Commit message:

feat(): Added google maps on main page, user location that updates every 200 ms, added google maps places api, getting 60 (3 pages) random places nearby the user and choosing one. Also added bottom sheet expandable

README.md, after:

# GoDo: Adventure Today
Click a button, get a new fun challenge for the day

Name: Your own adventure / Your Adventure / Adventure Today / TodVenture / GoDo : Adventure Today 
Click a button, get a new fun challenge for the day (visit a museum, try a food, take a different route).
The idea of an app is to make people go out more, find friends, companions, love. 

features:
	- We can add some subtasks for that, for example if the place is a bar, try their cocktail etc.
	- This thing will have social network element, like BeReal
	- The deadline will be 1 day, like till the end of the day
	- For now app will be focused on Georgia, Tbilisi
	- We can use chatgpt to inspect the place generated and check the menu, check what kind of services they offer, when do they work untill etc
	- Will have a co-op mode, with your friends or strangers, for example team of 4 will get the same location, where they will need to meet, chat and they can help each others to complete subtasks
	- No personal details on account, just comments from others that they met (might be a good idea)
	- Max 1 adventure a day, like all those xxdle games.
	- User would be able to choose the type of adventure like hike somewhere, eat somewhere, drink somewhere etc
	- Proofs. Once they complete the adventure they would need to upload a proof, like a picture, geolocation etc. For co-op a proof might be for example some code phrase that only other person knows.
	- Users will have a score of completed and failed adventures
	- There also could be adventures not just for a day, but week or month. For example some things, that u need to prepare for like hike, camping, concert (buy tickets) etc	
	- Make every adventure unique unless user specifies so. User would have an option to exclude all places that he was already at from search

monetisation: 
	- Bars, restaurants etc could pay us to be featured 
	- Advertisement 


UX: 
	- On the main page there will be a map, on top of the map there will be a generate adventure dialog. Dialog will have a Solo/Duo(for love)/Company selector for an adventure. There also should be a possibility to choose the type of adventure, like hike somewhere, eat somewhere, drink somewhere etc
	- If the team will be assembled they would need a time to meet, because everyone is busy in their own way we could do a tinder for time. So everyone will get a particular time and they can swipe left/right to accept or decline it. The time will be like 9:00 9:30 10:00 and etc 
	- If the type of adventure is random we could show him a wheel of fortune where there will be all the adventure types and the random one will win.


MPV: 
	For MVP would be good to have an adventure generation without any proofs, social networking etc. So just a map, adventure generation and a timer.

Types of adventures:
	FOOD
	BAR
	CLUB
	PARK
	CAFE
	LIBRARY
	SIGHTSEEING
	MOVIE
	HIKE
	SPORT
	ACTIVITIES (pool, )
	SHOPPING
	MUSSEUM
